Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now once we have a class that inherits from a parent class like we just did in our last lecture we can
at any new attributes and methods necessary to differentiate the child from the parent.
Let's now add an attribute that is specific to kindle fire e-readers for example a color screen and
then we will add a method to report on this attributes.
We store to screen and write a method that prints a description of the screen.
So let's go and do that now.
So where do we start.
Well let's start down here with our Kindle e-reader class so our child class and for us what we need
to do is we need to add a new attribute.
So in dev in a method that's out in screen resolution equals the screen resolution of a kindle fire
when we're looking at anyway is 12 18 by seven by eight.
There we go.
Perfect.
Now the next thing we want to do is we want to add in self variable the whole screen resolution.
And we do that by entering into following Self touch screen resolution
equals you guessed it screen resolution that's just separate out super matted pillows or superfunction
bloat.
OK that looks good.
And now we want to create a method.
So we go here.
This is adding some space.
So it's a little bit cleaner.
We want to create a method so that describe screen and that takes a parameter self call.
OK so what is this going to do.
Well it's going to print out some marketing copy you know so just a marketing text about the Kindle
Fire.
OK to close that off now then we say print and way I get that a couple of paper print.
Habit I suppose print.
Now let's say Fire HD 8 and I get no royalties from Amazon for doing this.
It's just that I have an e-reader So it's a handy example for a hasty eight features a wide screen
and we want to close our brackets.
Plus self
screen resolution OK.
Now let's just add in something simple at the end plus the screen.
There we go.
Full stop.
OK.
So that's what our method does going to print out this line here.
Now how do we call this method.
Well let's just clean this up a little bit.
Take out a few of those blank lines.
Now my Kindle Fire DOS.
That's called a method the scribe screen brackets and fingers crossed.
Error not a simple error there.
No silly error.
I indented too much.
There we go
that see.
So we have our first description here so our long description name that we don't the previous lecture
followed by fire Hastey 8 features a wide screen 12 8 by a hundred hates the screen and let's just put
in a new line here just to separate it out a little bit.
There we go.
That's nice and clean.
Let's run through what we just did.
At 9:37 we added a new attribute screen resolution ECOs 12 eighty eight hundred.
This attribute will be associated with all instances created from the Kindle Fire class but won't be
associated with any instances of e-reader.
So it's only associated with the Kindle Fire class so very handy separating out different functions.
There are different features and then that line 44.
We added a method called describe screen that prints information about our screen when we call this
method.
We get a description that is clearly specific to the Kindle Fire screen.
What's great about a child class Kindle Fire is that there is no limit to how much we can specialize
and customize it to the Kindle Fire and differentiated from its parent.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.